
1.)Output the general purpose of the program(game) to the user and greet the user to the game.

2.)Ask the user to input their name with the prompt ("Please enter your name:")

3.)Output the user's name and ask the user to input a response to the prompt(" Hello!,name Would you like
to go on an adventure in the Amazon Rain Forest to find rare precious jewels? (yes or no )")

 if answer1 == no:
a.output ("I'm sorry to hear that.Come back and play next time")

otherwise if answer1 == yes:
      a.ask the user to input their choice of path to take through the forest with the prompt
      ("There are three paths leading to the cave with the jewels which one will you take(enter only 1,2,or3)?")

if path == 1:
  a.output ("name,You have chosen the first path,unfortunately this path has quicksand and you get trapped.Sorry!")

otherwise if path==2:
  a.output("This path is walkable however there are many wild animals and insects.A venomous spider jumps out
  and bites you and you are paralyzed.Better luck next time!")

otherwise if path == 3:
  a.output ("name,You have made an excellent choice you have chosen the right path")

  b.ask the user to input how many amazonian tribes they want to bring with them to help find the jewel
    with the prompt ("name, How many amazonian tribes do you want to help you?")

if tribes >= 20:

  a.output ("You cant have that much help!")

 otherwise if tribes <=1:
  a. output("You're going to need more help than that.You don't know the forest that well.They ware supposed guide you.")

  else:

  a. ask the user how much they are going to eat on the excursion with the prompt
  ("You and the tribes stop on your way to the cave to eat some bananas that are hanging from the tree
  How many bananas are you going to eat?(you can enter this answer in decimal form)**must be a float value**"

  if bananas eaten >= 20
  a.) output the number of bananas eaten
  b.) output ("One of the bananas you have eaten was contaminated with a rare poison.You become gravely ill and have to
  head back to the U.S to receive treatment.")

  if bananas eaten < 20
  a.output the number of bananas eaten

  b. ask the user to input the color jewel that they want upon entering the cave with the prompt
  (You and the tribe find the cave with precious jewels each on top of separate rocks.
  there are three precious jewels one purple, one red and one blue.Which one do you choose?)

if answer2 = red:
  a.output(You chose the red jewel!Unfortunately that jewel was booby trapped and you are now trapped under a net and the
  jewel dissapears into the ground.)

otherwise if answer2 == purple:
  a.output ("You chose the purple jewel.You succesfuly take the jewel.You become rich and famous for finding this jewel.
  Congratulations!")


otherwise if answer2 == blue:
a. oyput ("The tribes ambush you and tries to steal the jewel and you realize you have been set up.
However you successfully fight them off but you end up losing the jewel in the process.")




4.)Output at the end of the program no matter what result  ("Thanks for trying out this game!")

**it is imortant to note that if the user enters anything that is not valid for some reason an else statement may be needed**







